archtype.exe

ARCHTYPE is a command-line program that displays the architecture and
type of a specified SPICE kernel file.

bff.exe

BFF is a command line program that displays the binary file format ID
for one or more binary kernel files.

bingo.exe

BINGO is a command line program that converts SPICE binary kernels
between IEEE and PC binary formats and converts SPICE text kernels
between UNIX and DOS text file formats.

brief.exe

BRIEF is a command-line utility program that displays a contents and
time coverage summary for one or more binary SPK or binary PCK files.

bspidmod.exe

BSPMODID is a command-line program that allows users to alter the body
ID in a binary SPK (bsp) file.

chronos.exe

CHRONOS is a command-line program that converts between several time
systems and time formats.

ckbrief.exe

CKBRIEF is a command-line utility program that displays a contents and
time coverage summary for one or more binary CK files.

ckslicer.exe

CKSLICER is a command-line program that subsets a CK file into another
CK file.

cksmrg.exe

CKSMRG is a command-line program that merges segments in Type 3 CK
files.

ckspanit.exe

CKSPANIT is a command-line program that modifies interpolation interval
information stored in the segments of a Type 3 CK file. It can also be
used to convert a Type 1 CK file to a Type 3 CK file, or from a Type 1
or Type 3 CK file to a Type 2 CK file.

commnt.exe

COMMNT is a command-line program that reads, adds, extracts, or deletes
comments from SPICE binary kernel files.

dafcat.exe

DAFCAT is a command-line utility program that concatenates together
SPICE DAF files of the same type.

dafmod.exe

DAFMOD is an interactive program that modifies various segment
attributes of a DAF based kernel -- SPK, CK, or binary PCK.

frmdiff.exe

FRMDIFF is a program that samples orientation of a reference frame known
to SPICE or computes differences between orientations of two reference
frames known to SPICE, and either displays this orientation or these
differences, or shows statistics about it or them.

inspekt.exe

INSPEKT is an interactive program that examines the contents of an
events component (ESQ) of an E-kernel.

makclk.exe

MAKCLK is a program that converts a SCLKSCET (also known as SCLKvSCET)
file to a SPICE spacecraft clock (SCLK) kernel file.

maklabel.exe

MAKLABEL is a program that generates PDS and SFDU-style ``keyword equals
value'' labels for SPICE kernel files.

mkspk.exe

MKSPK is a program that creates an SPK file from a text file containing
trajectory information.

msopck.exe

MSOPCK is a command-line program that converts attitude data provided in
a text file as UTC, SCLK, or ET-tagged quaternions, Euler angles, or
matrices, optionally accompanied by angular velocities, into a type 1,
2, or 3 SPICE C-kernel.

optiks.exe

OPTIKS is a program that computes field of view information associated
with a collection of instrument and frame kernels.

orbnum.exe

ORBNUM is a program that creates an ASCII orbit number table file for a
spacecraft, keyed on the time of local apoapsis, periapsis, descending,
or ascending node passage.

pinpoint.exe

PINPOINT is a program that creates SPK files containing fixed or slowly
changing locations of objects -- landmarks on the surface of celestial
bodies, offsets between manipulator joints, etc. PINPOINT optionally
creates topocentric frame kernels for these objects.

prediCkt.exe

prediCkt is a program that creates C-kernels (usually predict C-kernels)
for orientations that can be described by a set of simple geometric
descriptions.

spacit.exe

SPACIT is an interactive program that converts kernels in transfer
format to binary format, converts binary kernels to transfer format, and
summarizes the contents of binary kernels.

spkdiff.exe

SPKDIFF is a program that computes differences between geometric states
obtained from two SPK files and either displays these differences or
shows statistics about them.

spkmerge.exe

SPKMERGE is a program that subsets or merges one or more SPK files into
a single SPK file.

spy.exe

Spy is a command-driven utility for validating, inspecting, and
analyzing SPK files.

starsb.exe

STARSB is a program that creates a SPICE type 1 star catalog from a
``master star catalog.''

tobin.exe

TOBIN is a command-line program that converts transfer format SPK, CK
and EK files to binary format.

toxfr.exe

TOXFR is a command-line program that converts binary format SPK, CK and
EK files to transfer format.

